[16.0][mig] customer_wallet_(account-portal-pos) (#397)
coopiteasy/addons: customer_wallet_pos/readme/USAGE.rst

**Credit Customer Wallet**

> - create a new order and select a customer.
> - (Optionally) add products.
> - add the customer wallet product and adapt quantity.
> 
>   .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_credit_wallet_pos_order.png
> 
> in the payment screen, you can see the new wallet amount, once the order will be paid.
> 
>   .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_credit_wallet_payment.png
> 
> 
>  **Debit Customer Wallet**
> 
> - create a new order, select a customer and products.
> 
> in the payment screen, you can now select the wallet payment method to mark
> the order as paid.
> 
>   .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_debit_wallet_payment.png
> 
> 
>  **Amount display on ticket**
> 
>   .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_ticket.png
> 
>  **See Customer Wallets**
> 
> A new column is available on customer list screen, to see 
> 
>   .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_customer_wallet_list.png

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a new order and select a customer.
- (Optionally) Add products.
- Add the customer wallet product and adjust quantity or price.

  .. figure:: ../static/description/pos_credit_wallet_pos_order.png

In the payment screen, you can see the new wallet amount, once the order will be paid.

.. figure:: ../static/description/pos_credit_wallet_payment.png

**Debit Customer Wallet**

- Create a new order, select a customer and products.

In the payment screen, you can now select the wallet payment method to mark
the order as paid.

.. figure:: ../static/description/pos_debit_wallet_payment.png

**Balance Display on Receipt**

.. figure:: ../static/description/pos_ticket.png

**Display Customer Wallets**

A new column is available on customer list screen, displaying the wallet balance for each customer.

.. figure:: ../static/description/pos_customer_wallet_list.png
```
